TERMS & CONDITIONS
Use of this site constitutes your acceptance of these terms and conditions. Go! Chat and it's owner reserves the right to make changes to this site and these terms and conditions at any time.
COPYRIGHT & TRADE MARKS
The content contained within this site is for personal use only. All text, graphics and selection and arrangement thereof and all materials on this wap site are the copyright of Go! Chat or its content providers. Unauthorised use of the content may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. None of the content may be resold or redistributed without the prior written consent of the site owner.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Go! Chat and it's owner shall not be liable for any incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages that result from any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, line failure of, or any use of or any inability to use, or any services made available on this site or any other Go! Chat site, even if Go! Chat has been advised of the possibility of such damages. The above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you.
LINKS
This wap site may contain links to other wapsites operated by third parties over whom we have no control. Such links are provided for your convenience only, and Go! Chat and it's owner accepts no responsibility or liability in respect of the content or use of other wapsites.
DISCLAIMER
This site and the materials and products in this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Go! Chat disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non- infringement. Go! Chat and it's owner does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected. Go! Chat and it's owner does not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. The above limitations may not apply to you.
USE OF SITE
Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, forum or by obscene or abusive language is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including without limitation a Go! Chat employee is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.